Use Case - Jae Duk Seo 

Some random situation that the user may face.
1. The customer may be in a hurry and it would be nice for him to have a system, where when he can just push a button and the money will come out. 
2. The User wants to take a large amount of money, (Maybe there could be some commands to do this)
3. The user inputs two card for interaction amoung those two cards. 
4. The User is a dead person but still have some money in the card, how do we get that money out? 
5. The user want to acces their account in a different country. 

Use_cases 
1. Money withdraw
  a. ask the user for input of card
  b. ask the user for the pass word 
  c. Process the data, matching if the password is correct from the database. 
  d. Let the user know either if the process was succesful or not (password correct or not)
  e. Let the user choose how much money they want to out put (by mutiple of 2)
  f. Check first if the user have that amount. 
  g. if they do get the money and print out the state message. 
  
2. Money deposit
  a. ask the user for an input of a card or such things. 
  b. ask the user where to put the money (which account)
  c. Ask the user for input of money.
  d. Count the money and have the user verify the amount of money. 
  e. If every thing seems good then inoput that amont of money to the account. 
  
3. Connect to the bank for service 
  a.The user have a problem that they can`t solve.
  b. inform the user that they can be connected to the bank for help. 
  c. Ask the user for the input of card. 
  d. ask the user for the pin number 
  e. Connect the user and the service by via teleaphone or visual chat.
  f. if eveything goes well, proceced with helpping the user out. 

4. Deposite money by via chequ 
  a. ask the user for the card 
  b. ask the user the format of money. 
  c. On the selection screen if the user chooses something, then show up another panel following that operation. 
  d. ask for the user for a chequ. 
  e. determine the amount of cash in that chequ and ask user for a confirmation. 
  f. Deposite the amont of money to the card that was read. 
  g. Done baby DONE
  
5. Transfer money 
  a.Ask the ser for an input card or somthing. 
  b.If the user chooses transfer money then procced. 
  c. Ask the user for the details of location of the money, where it goes. 
  d. After having all of the details, ask the user for the amount of money that they want to transfer.
  e. ask the user for input of the money. 
  f. count the money and confirm with the user. 
  g. Or take it out of the users account. 
  h. Send the money and print out the receipt. 


(bad idea)
6. If the user have asked for higher level of security
  a. Ask the user for a card. 
  b. 
